Bilboquet application smartphone (théorie des Balls)
svg from png
live vocal message, do not have to wait end to send
subtitles generated when looking to someone who is speaking with hologram like Microsoft Holo Lens hologram glasses
wireless pointer with storage in the usb key
pharma website: check if a shampoo donne de l'acné ou irite ls yeux... (avis des consommateurs) + détails optionnels période de l'année, âge, problème précédents...
boring: stop boring moments: fun facts, speak to people very interested of a project in another language (@Codyyplays - english)...
like hosting for very cheap https website, hosting vpn (VPN: protect people from DDOS) and anti-DDOS for server ? -> we have an anti-ddos solution for your service (server or client or other)
spend time for others: with knowledges given by the client find stackoverflow post and other requests on the net
internet access hospital
share books near you (or school)
common exercice: plateform to post and find what is in common to learn it (+ common problem hard to type maths things as a URL through google ...)
project image in a room for virtual reality
on openclassroom or on a home made platform: courses for schools: gravity... written like OC does.

Lentille intelligente: invisible: filme et hologrammes
// lunettes google/microsoft

Ultrasons: hearable for youngs to flee
-》just encode message: create an ultrasonor language

Rasoir pour le nez (intérieur)

====》control another body (move like normal, floor move), headset visual or display on wall: detect and reproduce every movement of everything (aim: can&apos;t find a difference between a robot and a human) because no teleportation right now
Sensors: detect collision and stop movement original movement (iron bar for instance in the simulator)
Try home: 3 cameras ? Green background oculus servo moteur begin body and movement
Integrete first in aliscraft then reality 
(Real body) 9/04/18 0:40-0:51
Because want to be physically with Julie
Terrorism, center in world, conference, wife

Anti-son : annule un son

How many guys look at     booty: count with a hide camera on the boot

Pb chomeur: travail partout, match capabilities

Expose yacht video 360 for rent or sell

Long circuits which can be used short (headset cable): faire une boucle où ça s'entoure (already seen):

===\-----
   |    |
   ====> (jack)
   
referendum place: all population vote for laws... each week

cryterium with color: no more problem with shaping our color pens

convertor money steam -> other money

jeu narratif: https://youtu.be/xPmgQ-08BJg

Pourquoi travaille t'on toujours sur du papier ?

toilette avec eau réglable (système pour choisir si un peu, moyen ou beaucoup) @économie et environnement

get fb picture with url bruteforce

compress data with algorithm (what is send for the file content is an algorithm) find optimisation to do to retell the same bit

Website which allows young (or not) people to show that they need people to deal with some works (and reverse)

OS Linux et Android (SD application) - not really necessary if phone rooted and use Link2SD

YouTube app for pc/phones which allow user to search on a youtube simplified version without any video but just sound

Mathematic problem help search (can't search special characters on Google)

OnePlateform: service which redirect email to sms, sms to email, sms to internet, internet to sms...

